good morning guys you know I just read
an article here about Ashley Bella so
know that she committed suicide she's
about 18 years of age and she tweeted a
bunch like over 144 tweets they say in
six hours and what she was claiming is
that she'd been sexually abused and
molested by family member and forced
into prostitution and she went for help
to the authorities and apparently it was
a young kid fresh out of college and she
didn't believe it
she's found her story not believable and
the mother said well she just it was it
was just too much for her to take and
she's been quiet for a long time she
reached out for help didn't find it
she finally committed suicide and what's
amazing is that that five hundred she
had five hundred followers on Twitter no
one reached out to help her no one
called the authorities which is kind of
unusual usually when this is going on
you know someone calls the authorities
but I think it's become so common
whether it be on Facebook or Twitter or
MySpace or whatever other social
networking site people use and it's just
entertainment it's just entertainment
for most people it's like yeah you know
she don't mean it and I remember it was
it last year I did a video about this
guy who who helped a woman to keep from
being route in New York City and he got
stabbed they just lay there bleeding
people are like walking around you know
it's again the kid over in China gets
run over
two-year-old toddler
he was walking by even another car runs
over the kid it's like what goes on with
people I don't care it's here China or
anywhere else it's like the kids with
people and you know it it just to me it
just shows how how cold and unfeeling
I'm numb that we've become as a society
I mean I I take a look at what happened
in Libya and a lot of people know what
happened and they understand it's like
we got genocide going down over the
ethnic cleansing us again that's down
there you know it's not here so who
cares I mean it's right in Mexico right
tens of thousands of people every year
being murdered yeah so what it's not
here it's not me no big deal anyway
Ashlee was obviously in a world of hurt
and all I can say is may she rest in
peace my heart goes out to her friends
and family and if in fact she was being
molested and had been sexually abused by
a family member may that member rot in
hell
have a good day off